# v0.2.1

## What Changed for Miners

- **Relavant commitments decoding**: Only commitments which are part of the metagraph will be decoded. This will remove random commitment error messages part of legacy hotkeys in the subnet. 
- **Full mining.configure negotiation**: Now, mining machines will full negotiate with the end pool on the side. This includes support for specific rolling versions, compatibility for suggesting difficulty etc.
This change will improve support for ASIC boost miners, who tend to fully utilize the version window through chunks. 
- **Increased connection allowance for older miners**: We came across instances where some mining firmwares and older miners took much more time to initialize their configure requests. To cater, the initial handshake allowance is increased before pool connection process starts. 

### Edge-cases fixed:
- **Hashrate display (high-performance)**: This release also includes fix for the hashrate display of ultra power miners (onwards of 300 PH/s). 
- **Suggest difficulty**: Fixes edge-case where suggesting difficulty call might be skipped in some cases when pool connection isnt established yet (braiins doesnt honor the difficulty suggestion but its possible it takes it into consideration.)

### Configurable mining windows:
- **Configurable mining windows**: Introduces new flag `--blocks_per_window`. This takes number of blocks as input and creates a mining window with a total of these blocks. If not passed, it assumes the default value of `tempo * 2 (360*2)`. 

This can be used in conjunction with these other flags to customize your mining windows for the stake-based strategy:

`--allocation.max_validators` (Max validators to fit into the schedule)

`--allocation.min_blocks` (“guaranteed floor” – every validator that makes it into the schedule must receive at least this many blocks in the current window - default is 40 but you can tweak as u see fit)

`--allocation.min_stake` (Minimum stake of each validator to be considered)


## What Changed for Validators

Validator's proxy also mirrors the changes made to the miner's proxy in-order to be compatible ([PR](https://github.com/latent-to/taohash-proxy/pull/4)). 

- **Full mining.configure negotiation**
- **Increased connection allowance for older miners**
- **Suggest difficulty**:

It also contains `batch inserting` share records instead of inserting records at every successful block submitted. 
This should greatly reduce the CPU overhead involved when lots of miners are submitting shares simultaneously. 
